com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentUserBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentUserBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentBusinessBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentBusinessBinding
com/application/nuntium/BuildConfig.java
 com.application.nuntium.BuildConfig
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentSportBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentSportBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentHealthBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentHealthBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityChoicesBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityChoicesBinding
com/application/nuntium/local/NewsDao_Impl.java
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDao_Impl
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDao_Impl$1
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDao_Impl$2
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDao_Impl$3
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDao_Impl$4
com/application/nuntium/databinding/SourceFileBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.SourceFileBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/HomeCategoryChipBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.HomeCategoryChipBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentPoliticsBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentPoliticsBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentGamingBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentGamingBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ImgCardHomeBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ImgCardHomeBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityWebBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityWebBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentSavedBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentSavedBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityIntro3Binding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityIntro3Binding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/RecommendedPlateBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.RecommendedPlateBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ImgcardBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ImgcardBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/NewsFeedTileBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.NewsFeedTileBinding
com/application/nuntium/local/NewsDatabase_Impl.java
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDatabase_Impl
 com.application.nuntium.local.NewsDatabase_Impl$1
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityIntro2Binding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityIntro2Binding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/TileChoicesBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.TileChoicesBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentRandomHomeBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentRandomHomeBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/FragmentCategoriesBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.FragmentCategoriesBinding
com/application/nuntium/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.application.nuntium.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
